---
title:  "Zuppa Alla Pavese (Michael)"
subtitle: "Bread and Egg Soup"
author: "Michael"
avatar: "img/authors/wferr.png"
image: "img/zuppa_michael.jpg"
date:   2017-01-02 12:12:12
---

### Start of a New Cooking Adventure

My first cookbook! This certainly marks a milestone for my cooking adventures. For a
beginner cook, they say making soups is a good place to start, because it helps
you understand how the spices blend together, and is more lenient with the technicalities like
ingredient proportions (in contrast to baking). Zuppa Alla Pavese is one of the first in Mollie
Katzen's cookbook "The Enchanted Broccoli Forest", and I've been looking forward to
making this soup ever since I read the description. 

### An Italian Delicacy

Zuppa Alla Pavese is regarded as an Italian delicacy, and rightly so. It's a
simple and unique soup with a regal history. Legend says that it was served to
King Francis I on a farm near the city of Pavia. Zuppa Alla Pavese generally
consists of a boiling meat broth served over thick buttered bread, a freshly
cracked raw egg, and sprinkles of parmesan cheese. The variant I made is a
little more crowded, consisting of a vegetable soup base stocked full of peas,
onions, carrots, celery, and potato. That's why you can't really see the bread
and egg in the picture, but I assure you it's there!

### Final Thoughts

I certainly enjoyed this once-in-a-while delicacy, but it will not be a soup I
make often for myself, simply because it is served with a raw egg. I'm scared
of the salmonella risk. My favorite part of the dish is probably the
combination of bread and soup. I've always been a fan of how the bread soaks in
all the flavor of the soup, and gives the soup a hearty feel. On the whole, I
would encourage you to give this dish a try, and depending on your aversion to
raw egg, you can poach the egg to your desired doneness. Either way, I'm really
happy about starting off this new year with this recipe. 10/10 would recommend!
